samples: bluetooth: Add Channel Sounding Reflector with Ranging Responder sample (#18894)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: samples/bluetooth/channel_sounding_ras/reflector/README.rst

> .. _channel_sounding_ras_reflector:

Reviewer: This file is buried too deep in the file structure and therefore, the doc build fails.
Suggesting that you have this in samples/bluetooth/channel_sounding_ras_reflector folder.

Author: Thanks, moved it there now.

> Bluetooth: Channel Sounding Reflector with Ranging Responder

Reviewer: Is this name from a BT spec or something? If not, no need to capitalize other than the first word.

Author: Channel Sounding, Ranging Responder and Reflector are names from BT specs where they're capitalized as such, but I can change this if you think it's better.

Reviewer: Ok, let's stick to the spec then.

############################################################

.. contents::
   :local:
   :depth: 2

> The Channel Sounding Reflector with Ranging Responder sample demonstrates how to use the Ranging Service to provide ranging data to a client.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This sample demonstrates how to use the ranging service to provide ranging data to a client.
```

Requirements
************

The sample supports the following development kits:

.. table-from-sample-yaml::

> The sample also requires a device running a Channel Sounding Initiator with Ranging Requestor to connect to.

Reviewer: Same question as above about the capitalization. In all places.

Author: Will take whatever decision is made in https://github.com/nrfconnect/sdk-nrf/pull/18894#discussion_r1842310917 and update all instances accordingly

Overview
********

The sample demonstrates a basic Bluetooth® Low Energy Peripheral role functionality that exposes the GATT Ranging Responder Service and configures the Channel Sounding reflector role.

> When Channel Sounding Ranging Data is generated by the controller, it will be forwarded to the Ranging Requestor Central via the Ranging Service.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When Channel Sounding Ranging Data is generated by the controller, it will be forwarded to the Ranging Requestor Central through the Ranging Service.
```

Author: Changed this line in https://github.com/nrfconnect/sdk-nrf/pull/18894#discussion_r1842278675

> When Channel Sounding Ranging Data is generated by the controller, it will be forwarded to the Ranging Requestor Central via the Ranging Service.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
When Channel Sounding Ranging Data is generated by the controller, it will be forwarded to the Ranging Requestor via the Ranging Service.
```

> When Channel Sounding Ranging Data is generated by the controller, it will be forwarded to the Ranging Requestor Central via the Ranging Service.

Author: By 'forwarded' I was abstracting the process happening inside the ranging service, but I like your wording better so I'll update.

The Channel Sounding Ranging Data can then be used by the peer device to perform distance estimation.

User interface
**************

The sample does not require user input and will advertise using the GATT Ranging Service UUID.
The first LED on the development kit will be lit when a connection has been established.

Building and running
********************
.. |sample path| replace:: :file:`samples/bluetooth/channel_sounding_ras/reflector`

.. include:: /includes/build_and_run.txt

Testing
=======

> After programming the sample to your development kit, you can test it by connecting to another development kit that runs a Channel Sounding Initiator role with Ranging Requestor.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After programming the sample to your development kit, you can test it by connecting to another development kit with a Channel Sounding Initiator role with Ranging Requestor.
```

1. |connect_terminal_specific|
#. Reset the kit.

> #. Program the other kit with a Channel Sounding Initiator with Ranging Requestor sample.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#. Program the other kit with the Channel Sounding Initiator with Ranging Requestor sample.
```
I guess we do not have such sample in NCS. I did not see one in Zephyr either. Link when there is such sample available.

Author: Will update when we have merged the initiator sample
